Refine contribution guide (#7)
codewars/discord-bot: README.md

## Developement Setup

Before working on this repo, you should already have [set up a bot account](https://discordjs.guide/preparations/setting-up-a-bot-application.html#creating-your-bot) and [added it to your development server](https://discordjs.guide/preparations/adding-your-bot-to-servers.html). In order to mimic the Codewars Discord server in your development server, you may also wish to add appropriate roles such as @admin and @mods, as well as common channels such as #help-solve.

> NOTE: Please discuss with us first before adding new features to avoid wasting your time.

> TODO Expand

After forking this repo and cloning your fork to your local development environment:

1. Change directory to the root of this repo: `$ cd /path/to/your/discord-bot`

> 1. Install dependencies: `$ npm install`
> 1. Compile the TypeScript source files and configure it to automatically re-compile on modification: `$ npm run build:watch`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install dependencies and compile TypeScript: `$ npm install`
1. Start TypeScript compiler process to recompile on change: `$ npm run build:watch`
```

### Start bot with your token

```bash
BOT_TOKEN=.... npm start
```

### Making changes
After forking this repo and cloning your fork to your local development environment:

Let TypeScript compile on change:
1. Change directory to the root of this repo: `$ cd /path/to/your/discord-bot`
1. Install dependencies: `$ npm install`
1. Compile the TypeScript source files: `$ npm run build`
1. Run your bot with [your token](https://discordjs.guide/preparations/setting-up-a-bot-application.html#your-token): `$ BOT_TOKEN=... npm start`

```bash

> npm run build:watch

Reviewer: This should be the most efficient way to work. Keep this running while you make changes and just restart the bot.

> 1. Fix the formatting of your code with Prettier for consistency: `$ npx prettier --write .`

Reviewer: You don't need to do this before each build.

> To avoid the manual re-formatting step with Prettier, you may wish to configure your text editor or IDE to run the command on every save.

Reviewer: Yeah, I'd recommend this, but doesn't `prettier` run when you commit? There's a git hook defined.

Author: It doesn't seem to run for me. Maybe I am setting up something wrong.

Reviewer: Oh, I found why. I forgot to add `husky install` to `prepare`. Husky used to work without this. I'll fix this, so it'll work automatically.

Reviewer: Done. Git hook to run `prettier` on staged changes should get installed when you do `npm install` now.
